c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SoftUniWarz.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SoftUniWarz.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\obj\x86\Debug\SoftUniWarz.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\obj\x86\Debug\SoftUniWarz.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\obj\x86\Debug\SoftUniWarz.pdb
E:\bojo\Fundamentals\OOP\Teamwork\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\obj\x86\Debug\SoftUniWarz.exe
E:\bojo\Fundamentals\OOP\Teamwork\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\SoftUniWarz\obj\x86\Debug\SoftUniWarz.pdb
